#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
cerberus==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   plette
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requirementslib
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pipreqs
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   readme-renderer
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
faker==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
    #   twine
importlib-resources==5.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
    #   pycountry
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
keyring==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
mysqlclient==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
opsgenie-sdk==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requirementslib
pip-api==0.0.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   isort
pipreqs==0.4.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   isort
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   requirementslib
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
plette[validation]==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   plette
    #   requirementslib
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pycountry==23.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requirementslib
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
    #   opsgenie-sdk
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
readme-renderer==42.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   requirementslib
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twine
    #   yarg
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
requirementslib==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   isort
responses==0.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
testfixtures==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   plette
    #   pylint
    #   requirementslib
tox==4.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pylint
    #   rich
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
yarg==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pipreqs
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
